Everywhere people say
I'm ordinary
like a concert that
has been heard a thousand times
If that's the case
I'd rather syncopate
to guarantee you harmonies
You're always on beat
with an impassive face
I can't deny it
It's clear you've got talent
But everything in my world is impromptu
and your formality has bored me
Ah, if you're gonna waste
your life following a pattern
note by note, without a change
I think I'll better leave
lost in a swirl of
jazz and passion
But if at last
you make your fingers
give with that piano
a proof that you're also
capable of love
Whispering it softly
Your serenade would be enough for me
It's been always the same
When I close my eyes
You're the only thing
I seem to care about lately
Come on, I can't keep living like this anymore
All my friends have already said so
Ah, those are only words
your promises can't
by themselves quench my thirst
no, they won't
That's why I'll ruin
your facade of
stiff and unpolluted perfection
I'd like to know
if in your scores
it's written the rythm
of the beat that will
make you fall to my feet
Your icy kisses on my skin
are the perfect rhapsody for me
I've decided it
I want to this cruel love's
burning  rythm
turn you into an object
of my possession
from piano to fortissimo it's all right
Stronger each time I'll give you my love
Our voices
start to merge
their echoes melting
into the night and as
the hours pass by they grow louder
Darling, you won't regret this.